hello Alonzo what is up Joe good to see
my brother man it is so good to be back
it's my first time seeing the new joint
it's absolutely amazing yeah I thought
you'd been here the new spot no like I
said you were building this when I did
the last one and this this is when you
said you could do everything here it's
like yeah this is the bunker I don't
live that far from here come on so when
the bomb hits I'm like yeah I'm going to
Joe spot well if you live in here in the
neighborhood you want to use the gym
it's always open bank come on down I'll
bring canned goods purifiers yeah if the
shit hits the fan Bernie had me nervous
Bernie Sanders was just here he had me
nervous about climate change
whenever someone brings up climate
change it's like a bill that you didn't
pay like fuck yeah it's it's real and
okay so now I'm gonna do my first
shameless plug for my new special August
23rd on Amazon Prime it's one of the new
wave of Amazon's
yes I'm very excited about this yeah
they're they're testing the water so
it's good to be in so it's called heavy
lightweight and I call it that because I
do some heavy topics and then I mix it
in with lightweight shit cuz that's like
if you do all heavy like it's it's
wow that was depressing yeah and you
know and I talk about the climate change
thing but it's like to be honest like
look I'm a black man 57 I got what like
10 years left I'll give a shit like
statistically god bless you Millennials
I wish you luck but I had a good run no
so man it was amazing 456 thank you yeah
and don't crack it well and this is why
I talk about right up until the day it
does right so like like literally right
til the day before I die look great and
what happens some bitch died from what
black Ben black his whole life shit just
caught up with him you got the fucking
diabetes sickle-cell and high blood
pressure in the same day a wave of
malady but no but the the climate change
thing is real but I think the big
problem is it's slow it's not dramatic
so people it's easy to not think about
it because you know that yet oceans
rising but it's
inch a year right which you know I may
not that may not be exact but you know
what I mean it's not a lot right so
people don't people don't see it with
the urgency and that and I think that's
why you have the young Congress people
talking about it because they're like
hey this is gonna be in our lifetime
right but then you have the older
generation where it's think yeah you
know it's interesting I'm pretty sure
and we should check this make sure this
is correct and I think we learned about
this from Randall Carlson that the
increased co2 rates also increases
vegetation because vegetation and
greenery they right yeah the the
increased rates actually this is like
one of the greenest times ever yeah but
I wonder how does that offset versus the
there's less land for these plants to
grow on you know what I mean like so
when you look at like mmm rain forests
jungles things like that like there's
the opposite of that was it's a that it
makes it harder for it to grow but we
know what article says that and is there
any articles that say that's not the
case because it seems like that's not
something randall would lie about he was
talking about how this is like one of
the most green times ever and the
increase of forests and and green trees
I want to say cus I'm seeing both of
them then so the very first things that
pop up are high carbon levels make it
harder for plants to grow from Think
Progress
second thing increased carbon dioxide
levels and air restrict plants ability
to absorb nutrients it's from science G
USC it's of another country I think
Sweden then I think progress sounds like
a bunch of fucking hippies NASA says
though well it's making a greener for
now yes so I would buy that the thing
about the thing and it didn't miss funny
like what science you have to check
because you have to see if there's a
political agenda
you have to see if there's a political
agenda behind the science right yeah
sure
well wouldn't ask I'd go with what NASA
says I think they're they say go scroll
back up please co2 is making the earth
greener for now and then
a quarter to half of Earth's vegetated
lands have shown significant greening
over the last 35 years largely due to
rising levels of levels of atmospheric
carbon dioxide according to a new study
published in the journal for natural
climate change on April 25th ya see an
international team of 32 offered authors
from 24 institutions in eight countries
led the effort which involved using
satellite data from NASA's moderate
resolution imaging spectrometer and the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration's advanced very
high-resolution rady radiometer
instruments to help determine the leaf
area index or the amount of leaf cover
over the planets vegetated regions the
greening represents an increase in
leaves on plants and trees equivalent in
areas to two times the continental
United States blah blah blah so Randall
was right I think but I think either way
we're fucked and then we'll just be
we'll all die in a very green planet how
much if everything melts if the polar
ice caps melt like where can we live in
South Dakota oh shit I don't know I
don't think so I'll make it in I don't
keep inside you know I don't think so
like like you know they want California
to fall into the ocean right you always
hear that bit right city it's like yeah
and the tidal wave will kill you yeah
you know I mean I don't know I don't
think that's safe because it would be
such a drastic change I mean right so
much of the Earth's weather is
controlled by the polar ice caps and
magnetic poles the the rainfall you know
glaciers and it's all interconnected
right so when the Hurricanes are getting
stronger right right specular yeah so if
you lose like the oceans control the
Earth's climate because the war you know
having to do it evaporation and and so
on so anyway for sure you shouldn't be
getting weather information from you or
me listen we got to to expert scientist
here even we've been talking about this
for minutes but no it's it's um it's
real yeah but it but it is
something I think it's definitely
younger people are gonna be more
interested because it could be a major
thing like if you're 30 now when you're
60 this could be a real real big issue
it's a bad time to buy real estate in
Miami no you don't well you know when is
a good time to buy real estate you found
out you have stage 4 cancer but you do
have a large bag you know I love that
you mention that because it this has
been a thing so the the weed industry
being legal right and they say there's
all this money that people can't figure
out what to do with right the banks
don't want it's like Miami was built
with cocaine money what happened to
those money laundering guys who cleaned
up all of that money built all that real
estate like where are they now
different era I can't believe that
there's not people out there who can
figure out how to clean this weed money
and boost the economy they will be able
to figure it out but it's gonna take a
long time and the people that are trying
to figure it out right now like the the
weed dealers that are selling it legally
but then they have all the stockpiles of
cash they've had their have to uh they
hire hire mercenaries and they hire
Blackwater guys at shit fucking special
ops guys to watch their money they
really have to I'm my old condo I rent
it out right so I was renting to a guy
his business was he handled the credit
card transactions for the weed places
for the dispensaries and stuff and that
you know the bank shut him down and this
and he didn't pay the rent late and I
was like I got the only guy in the weed
business who can't make money like I'm
renting too there's one guy in weed who
can't I was like listen man I take cash
just pay the rent late like how do you
everybody's behind it selling weed on
credit cards and you can't pay your rent
how I end up with this guns are people
flying here to get some weed in
my guy nothing you know what really took
it on the fucking chin is Amsterdam
remember when people are talking about
going to Amsterdam let's go to hims to
get high yeah get high here stupid right
these windows up that's true they still
got the line of you see of like a video
montage of all the guys coming into this
yeah just over the last couple weeks
Joe just ruined Amsterdam tourism yeah
the Amsterdam tourist board is like why
is he picking on us what did we do
fights over there but they fucked up
when they made mushrooms illegal they
stopped people from selling mushrooms
and the cafes now is that because is why
would they do I don't understand why
they would do that because I don't want
to say it's regulate but no it's dorks
go over there and blow their brains out
they eat too many mushrooms and freak
out and try to jump in the river and
yeah that's what it is
dorks it's always dorks they ruin
everything yeah you know it's it's weird
it's weird to me because it's like
listen if you can't heck get a handle on
your drug tourism yeah just don't do it
but I don't know it could be done
correctly I think if you want to do drug
tourism correctly first of all you need
to check people make sure they're okay
find out what kind of medication they
are and do a blood test on them find out
what kind of medication oh look at your
on SSRIs you can even tell us hey stupid
you're not supposed to take this stuff
right this is gonna fuck you up next
yeah and it really really test them then
you know find out about their
psychological history and start them off
with a nice light dose today today's
Tuesday today we're going to give a nice
light dose like a half a gram yeah that
would be it just just yeah you know this
is how much you get I don't see how you
react exactly and then then come back on
Wednesday right you think about it for
24 hours come back on Wednesday and
Wednesday we're gonna give you two grams
yeah baby got got to cut you off yeah
and then you come back on Saturday and
you get that five
oh yeah just do it right with doctors
nearby and IVs filled with vitamins I'm
sure that's why they don't cuz who's
gonna pay for all of that part it works
you know it's same door if you had like
if you could save up your money and have
like a real safe mushroom trip like a
legit safe mushroom trip at a medical
institution where they've got everything
locked down and everybody's safe and the
mushrooms are safe and you have people
to pay why I haven't done mushrooms but
would that fur no you want right now no
thanks man you know I'm retired now you
know that from everything yeah yeah yeah
yeah we talked about this like when did
you retire 88 Wow yeah that's crazy I
mean you know no no I you know I've been
high enough that I don't feel like I'm
missing anything so when you talk about
it it's like fascinating to me but that
but then it's also that case of like now
like I don't want to be that high you
know what I mean but and again I I don't
knock what anyone else does but this is
what I wanted to ask you if you did it
under those medically supervised
conditions would it still be as much fun
yeah it's fun no matter what as long as
they leave you alone while you're
tripping yeah long as they don't bother
you you know okay that I mean I I say I
have no idea I have no frame of
reference so I can't say like that would
be you know not be cool what I don't
know fuck with CBD at all no it doesn't
get you high yeah I know and and I don't
again
I don't knock it I don't necessarily
have a reason to fuck with CBD I'm not
in like any kind of pain or anything
like that or any you know but I don't
knock it as a treatment I know it does
work and then there's benefits to it
it's just not something you need that I
need or that I do you know it's like the
knees right to need my knees are kind of
trash but when I work out and stretch
and warm them up they're not it's not
bad and I've talked to doctor and doctor
like yeah eventually we're gonna do a
knee replacement but you don't need it
you know
knees arthritis just you know you don't
have to do a knee replacement yeah dem
stem cells which is something I may do
my mom did it I know I've heard you talk
about it and that might be the way as a
matter of fact I have a friend and she's
like in her she's around 80 and she said
yeah that's what they did for her knee
they did stem so my mom had her knees
replaced before she passed away and she
said yeah that's one of the things you
inherited from us bad knees it's like in
the fans like thank you but but she also
made me funny so I couldn't really be
mad at her she did great so I was like
I'll take the funny and the bad knees
the bad knees are workable yeah I'm
telling you CBD first of all is gonna
help that because it reduces the all the
symptoms of arthritis like Dave Foley
his hands were fucked up he had like
some severe arthritis in his hands CBD
completely cured it
he clearly straighten his hands out his
hands were always at like a slight Bend
now now he's got a full range of motion
in his hands he's blown away by it yeah
my knee problem is impact you know just
Paul or basketball Haskett ball yeah so
even the meniscus and all that's right
all trashed so even now like I can do
most like I can't jump
you know I can run I can do so I did
this CrossFit I tried CrossFit and my
knees fall up and I went to my doctor
and he's like cross what the hell is
wrong you jumping up on boxes my my my
doctor's diagnosis for 90% of my
problems you're old don't do that you
can you can fix a lot of those problems
with stem cells a lot of those problems
yeah it regenerates tissue reduces
inflammation it does a lot of amazing
stuff now and and I haven't researched
this at all I mean you know I've heard
stuff my stem cell knowledge is about
equal to my climate change right I've
actually had a bunch done on me well
this is what I wanted to ask you about
so I know when you talked about it early
on you went overseas right you left that
was my question because I've heard
people talking about going to Panama
Panama Asia
yeah they're doing over there but dr.
Reardon who's the guy who treated Mel
Gibson and Mel Gibson's dad he actually
treated my mom my mom was in risk of a
knee replacement you know she's in
pretty you know pretty bad pain and the
doctors like you got to get an e replace
and I'm like okay maybe you have to get
a knee replacement Michael but before
you do that let's send you to Panama and
they'll they'll do this full three-day
stem-cell procedure they use IV stem
cells they they they blast the area over
three different days they hit it with
stem cells mm-hmm and you know my mom is
73 so it was a while before it worked
she you know for the first four months
she was a little discouraged she like I
don't feel anything different you know I
don't know if this is working and then
somewhere around five six months she
started feeling a lack of pain and the
pain just start stop gonna just stop
being like a part of her daily life
right and now she could walk and it's
not bothering her she was I'm walking
with no pain I can walk up hills with no
pain and she goes I want to do it again
so I was like fuck it let's send you
down again sir she's she's headed down
again to get more of it but you did it
here yeah I did it here well I think now
is there a difference yes they can they
can go ham in Panama they go ham they
just bring a fucking bucket of stumps
there's they don't have the same
regulation right they do in America so
they can get away with a lot of
different stuff and dr. Reardon who is
one of the pioneers of this and he's
written multiple papers and yes you know
scientific journals all about the
benefits of stem cells and it's
particularly effective on people with
neurological conditions people with
neurodegenerative diseases of like and
he's written extensively about all that
stuff but when he came on I mean he he
blew me away and I had already had some
success with stem cells in America where
like I had a full-length rotator cuff
tear in my shoulder right and they
injected it with exosomes which is like
the most advanced form of stem so these
who was the waste they used to think is
stem cells they felt like when you put
stem cells into it
injury that the stem cells were repro
liberating this area with new tissue but
now they think that the stem cells
I'm sure I'm butchering butchering
that's if you're scientist now I think
they think the stem cells are releasing
exosomes and that the exosomes are
actually what does it so now they just
go straight to exosomes and then they
inject exosomes into these particular
areas now they have another product
called Wharton's jelly that's even more
potent that I just got shot into me yeah
anytime I get an injured man I just
fucking head on down yeah what's the
purpose of having money if I'm not
fucking shooting myself up but okay you
go
juicy stem cells you go it works I hope
I got stem cell cash I probably do you
do it's not that yeah no I do medium
listen Amazon special no I do I listen I
do all right tell people I do or I don't
make as much as they think but I do all
right you know what I mean it's just
like when people see you on something oh
well you got ten million dollars like no
I don't I'd like to but I don't but but
yeah so okay what we'll talk about that
we'll talk about special my pusher right
job
I hope so you know it I mean you know me
I've been in the biz forever I love the
biz I loved it I loved it I appreciate
the love you give me on the podcast
people always tell me when you or some
guests oh yeah man they were talking
about you you know and and I appreciate
that right Kay rs1 said a long time ago
respect will outlast cache yeah you know
so I appreciate that I appreciate you
too man
but yeah it'd be nice to have something
blow up like that right I think you can
so many times it it happens in careers
so uh well they're doing a lot of
specials now the guy Gaffigan is doing
yeah Amazon Russell Peters doing Amazon
you who else someone uh Jimmy o Yang's
got one yes
coming up team have Amazon Fahim Anwar
does he have an Amazon but there's a lot
of like really funny people that are
doing it and as long as they put the
money into promotion and let people know
I mean they're they're doing great right
now with marvelous mrs. Mazal yeah they
have a lot of new Amazon Prime series
like that fleabags supposed to be
hilarious they have a lot of good series
that they're promoting that people are
really getting into and if you have
Amazon Prime like you
order shit with Amazon you get free you
get friends on TV TV yeah people don't
even know that I know I know and it's
good yeah Amazon is is legit good show
you know yeah so I'm rooting for them
100% yeah and there's you know look
Netflix as almost I mean they've got the
market kind of cornered until Amazon
came along because nobody wanted to do
in Montcalm me central anymore Comedy
Central's great it's better than no
special but it airs once that's the
problem Comedy Central there's once and
then it's not in this day and age man I
think I think HBO is still the big one
you know as far as television yeah yeah
as far as the TV one hour like a channel
is good but Showtime was good to me
Showtime put on a couple of specials
well Showtime ladies a bastion Oh Big
John made Sebastian because he just
clicked with yeah with the wit and it's
it's funny how that happens cuz you
really can't say why yeah you know that
certain ones doing and that's no
disrespect to Sebastian it's just
yes certain things take off and others
don't and it's like well I mean it was
really good like I say no disrespect to
him no Sebastian
he's a great comic he's been around he's
worked you know I mean it's not like he
has fell out of the sky got a special
and didn't have anything behind it now
the guy's a comic he's brief for him who
well you know who blew off my show Tom
Gallagher the last guy that blew up on
Showtime before Sebastian right think
about it yeah
when who the fuck else it's like
Sebastian and Gallagher there's the guys
who blew up on Showtime can you think
who else yeah that's uh comedy-wise Dana
Gould had a special on Showtime who alts
what should they did Showtime did a few
like Billy Gardell had the new comics
thing he did he tried to break some new
comics or now like a Rodney Dangerfield
mm-hm and but yeah you're right
yeah it's but again it that's where
that's where our business like this
business is fickle right because they're
always trying to figure out
you know why is this a viral video you
know I mean like man that squirrel got
more view we spent eight million dollars
producing this series and that squirrel
got more views than we you know and it's
like why yeah if you're just trying to
concentrate on making things viral you
will go fucking crazy
yeah you can't figure out you know why
people are connect to this one thing
even though others have done it or stun
something similar or whatever yeah yeah
it's a tricky fucking business and then
how about YouTube like Russell Peters
blew up because of YouTube absolutely
worldwide boom unbelief and and you know
people and it's funny cuz people here
they don't realize how famous Russell is
what's okay he's not that famous he's
not as famous here no he can hang out
over here yeah go places and he lives
here
right he's I've got the best of both
worlds some of the fucker sold out the
o2 arena two nights in a row I know
thanks like 20,000 plus people you know
who's like that Jimmy Carr you know John
oh sure yeah he's hilarious yeah Jimmy's
hilarious and like internationally Jimmy
is the most unbelievable but here like
they check his ID yeah you know like
he'd pull out the black card maybe like
you see your ID yeah I mean he does
roast those roast shows over here yeah
and stuff along those lines but yeah he
doesn't have Neil but he's working here
moron yeah he's developing heat I saw
him in Montreal and he said yeah he's
developing his audience in the state so
now he's doing like small theatres here
he says obviously if he goes anywhere
where people from the UK are like so
when he's in a big city and there's a
lot of Brits then he can bail out like
New York Abbas yeah he's a great writer
oh man that guy's funny sharp just yeah
and so so British like so dry and
completely inappropriate yes yeah you
know that's what I love about him we we
do in in Montreal we do this benefit
show for hope and cope and it's like a
read
have medical facility you know there's
some cancer patients in there and people
at other and and Jimmy just opens like
yeah I gotta hurry up and or how much
well I have time they just they fell out
you know and he's like any of you here
last year now probably not anyway at
this point most comics go to Montreal to
hang out with all the calm oh absolutely
we call it summer camp man yeah you see
yeah you know yeah you see friends and
and like I see him there every summer
right and then you see people who you
just don't see or don't bump into you
know regularly in your regular whatever
and you get to hang out yeah and then
there's always new people you meet like
this year I met Nick Kroll who was cool
he's grand you know cuz I like big mouth
is his cartoon and Pete Holmes and Pete
Holmes was hilarious cuz he was doing
this thing at the roast called mean Pete
so he was doing like a completely
different cuz you know Pete Holmes a
nice guy does it and he was at the roast
just destroying people and he just kept
yelling mean Pete you know so but but
yeah so that kind of stuff yeah it's fun
man just to uh meeting yeah well that
was the first time I don't know if you
remember I definitely was the first time
you and me hung out when was this what
year like these yeah it was it was damn
we're old
yeah and so it was 99 it was my second
time in Montreal right I'm doing comedy
I don't know about six years so I'm
still like new like I but but I knew you
from the from Laugh Factory and from
around town and you were hanging out
with Kevin James and I think he had just
got his show or I just finished his
first year of his show whatever and you
were like come on and I jump in a cab
and we went around doing spots and I'm
like and you would bet you'd already
been on Newsradio and I and I'm like
fuck I'm hanging out with Joe and get
like we're doing spots like you need I
mean like it's a new comic you're like
holy shit just the coolest shit ever cuz
cuz I I could get in because I got out
the cab with you too so they're like
yeah yeah you do five so that I remember
I still remember that that was fun but
that's what Montreal is so now I'm that
guy Yeah right now I I've been to
Montreal so much I got people calling me
in LA asking me about Montreal lesson
they told us to call you
I had Chris Spencer calling me to get
spots on shows and I was like Chris I
don't book it he's like yeah but you
know you know and then I was able to get
him a spot so I guess I dunno I guess it
worked
yeah but the problem is you get it - if
it works once you know then you're the
guy they call
yeah that's listen if you're listening
to this podcast no I can't help you do
they still have a bunch of different
venues we can you drive around and get
some arts not no not about everything's
booked now you know you know the big
difference now there's a lot more TV
like remember back then there were like
two or three people had hours yeah no
not men now there's like a whole series
of one hours that they're taping and
then you know like Kevin Hart did the
whole lol thing there for a couple of
years so he was taping all of that so
there's a lot more TV is more involved
this year there wasn't a whole lot of
Netflix the last two years there was a
ton of Netflix and Netflix was doing a
bunch of half hours and no filming them
in yet or filming them at the festival
so it's weird to me it seems like the
festival's supposed to be fun it's not
supposed to like film us I think it's
still fun in that like you said you see
all the comics and you get to hang out
but there's there's not the the
development business that there used to
be right that's not there but the
content business is there and they
figure like we got all these comics in
one place we'll set up cameras and we'll
shoot mmm bang bang bang bang I think
that so there's less of the there's
still some shows where you could just
you know jump on and it's friends of
whoever in the midnight shows they still
do that to have like a whole midnight
when they come midnight surprise or
whatever you don't even know who's on
the show that day they call people like
hey you want to do a spot and they still
have the nasty show they still demasters
show is still huge they do they do the
ethnic show now remember there used to
be that's what they call it well there
used to be like the the wiseguys was the
Italian show all right and then they had
the Jewish show and then they had the up
town was a black show and it's enough
well now they've combined all of that
and they call it the ethnic show and
they have built so they'll be just
different comics on there from different
ethnic groups I've hosted it a couple of
times it's a lot of fun did they expect
you to do ethnic material no some you do
some some people do some some don't I
think my favorite one one year I was
hosting it natter Man was on it Dan at
Herman who you know Natalie hilarious
guy he was like yeah ethnic yeah I'm a
Jewish comic from New York that's such a
rare find yeah but but it's there you
know it's the right title for catch all
and also the other big thing is Canada
it's not as they're not as hung up on it
right so you're not as worried about
being politically correct or or hurting
someone's feel like they understand yeah
this is a comedy festival and people are
gonna say shit that is inappropriate and
and do and and being friends you know
can't we make fun of each other
right and it's so yes so your ethnic
group may come into it but not from a
point of racism or hatred or judgment
just it's fucking funny that we're the
same or different in our ethnicity or in
our background and we can we joke about
it does uh Comedy Works exist anymore up
there went under it unfortunately the
works went under um Jimbo take off yeah
vanish somewhere I don't know what
happened to Jimbo I don't know I'm not
sure what happened to him but Chamber
was great that Club was that was the
epitome of comedy right yeah you go
upstairs there's a hundred fifty people
in a hundred twenty seat room is it even
that many it was a hundred twenty seats
and and the fire marshal would have shut
it down every night right because if
there was a fire in Comedy Works it
would have been a horrible tragedy you
know but but it would the energy was
like you get on that stage and just kill
and you know it's like yeah we got the
gala over here we got 3,000 seats in the
most beautiful theater you can imagine
but you really
want to see that you really want to have
fun go upstairs the comedy works in
sweat
you're literally sweating for 15 minutes
because there's no air conditioning was
terribly it worked
heat rises so we should put this place
upstairs well when they wanted to stay
warm in the winter
yeah and they have like a little comedy
scene like a local scene yeah and they
still have they still have some places
like there was one I was working I can't
remember the name of it but it was the
same kind of vibe it was like an
upstairs bar that they converted for the
for the festival they put in a hundred
chairs and you you know and it was great
and that's where they were doing
midnight surprise so that with that
venue is still really cool and then they
have the theater Saint Catherine which
is like this small stage and a long room
yeah I did that one man that that one
still has you know so sit are still some
places that have that funky comedy vibe
I mean you know but that comedy works
room is it still there could somebody
like turn I don't know I have no idea if
it's if it's there if it's been
redeveloped but yeah works was that was
the shit that was the great that was the
fun room that was where you ran your set
before you do your you know gala or TV
taping or whatever and it would just
just crackling those the first time I
ever saw blini Schultz you ever see
crazy Lenny do you know crazy Lenny no
he was a hilarious guy that was right
when I was coming up he was just at the
end of his run at the end of his career
he's this wild crazy old man who'd bring
props on stage like it's attitude was so
fun just was just a maniac like he would
he would pull up a you know a Smokey the
Bear doll and he was like only you can
prevent forest fires and he just yells
fuck and on paper sounds so stupid but I
know what you mean you're fucking
holding your body
you couldn't even stop laughing my
favorite random funny thing like that
there's a guy still touring as far as I
know in Canada called Mel silverback
ever hear of Mel silverback male
silverback half Jew half silverback
mountain gorilla hmm and he would wear
it a tuxedo with the big ruffled shirt
like the
Catskills comics and he wore gorilla
hands and a gorilla head
I'm failure and he would do these old
Catskills Thai style jokes gorilla mask
oh man Joe wishin for last comic when I
was a judge we were falling out of you
Jane Goodall she's a whore you should
have seen it with those chimps it was
disgusting like he was and apparently
he's a thing in Canada like he's a
late-night dirty comic too towards
Canada but but it was the dumbest thing
but to see it I mean we were pounding on
the table we could not breathe because
he's it was all old cheap one-liners
like the Catskills and and he had the
suit and and he was a gorilla and he
would put it all in so it was all from a
silverback mountain gorillas point of
view like what's your point of view
silverback mountain gorilla it's how I
see the world but that act too is like
he could die and somebody could just
take his yeah somebody could take over
you know and and the thing was we picked
him for last comic right but then this
is where TV kills comedy so now he's on
prime-time NBC and he can't do that like
you can't say she's a whore and you
can't do everything that made him funny
was like no the censors won't allow it
so now people are like why is he wearing
gorilla hands yeah just let me see what
makes you funny okay let's not do that
do you remember Gallagher - yeah
remember his that brother you couldn't
afford Gallagher was doing giant
theaters and Gallagher - his brother was
doing like a little commie Club yeah
like he I would see it like in places
that I was working yeah like when I was
coming up it would be like oh and then
next weekend it's Gallagher - lets go
did they get into a fight like a legal
fight over ownership of cuz Gallagher
wanted to come back yeah see Gallagher
apparently like temporarily retired and
he sold his act to his brother Gallagher
- and his brother looked
his brother looked a lot like him and he
had you know he just basically it picked
up like a job it's like I having an
affiliate or like a you know like a like
syndication yeah you syndicated the act
yeah you just you know what point for
you if you want to buy of
7-eleven yeah well it's like the Blue
Man Group like this different blue man
around the country yeah yeah that's true
but there's no like what if it was a
blue man right it was just one blue man
maybe but so gaolers Gallagher's brother
took all the jokes and the props and
started buying watermelons and
sledgehammers and just toured the
country I would love to be in court when
they had that fight like your honor
here's how I smash a watermelon it is my
brother this I special water but like
how do you decide I think it was just a
matter of whether or not he could
continue to do the act but I mean is it
his last name calendar is it a real name
so it is Leo was the original and Ron is
the brother behind Gallagher it's like
if a girl breaks up with you and you
fucker slightly less good-looking sister
right white yeah so that's I think
here's the original original this
picture here would be the brother is it
Wow
he's sure yeah that's picked up this Wow
that is yeah I wouldn't want to be that
judge cuz that the Ballad of Ron
Gallagher blog foot must someone must
write the story about it Wow
so yeah the it was close enough yeah the
kind of little brothers yes Gallagher
how weird and so then after a while I
think
Gallagher got tired of being retired and
he said I'm coming back and his brothers
like well I'm fuckin gonna continue
doing this act he's like no you're not
bitch you don't have to find a new way
to make a living but I ought it from you
right so I own it now like you been in
your probably 40s and your brother who's
like of a similar age just picks up
comedy and just starts doing your
routine like a hundred percent you know
oh yeah and calls himself alonso - yeah
that's crazy well on Charlie Murphy
could have done that
right he sounded enough like Eddie that
he he could I mean not no no he wouldn't
but what I'm saying is he could have
done it Pig him back piggy back to Eddie
that's such a different way of talking
yeah I mean his way of talking was so
much more aggressive
yeah SP yeah I missed that dude yeah I
had a good fucking time with him man we
did a whole tour of the country for 30
days oh no him and Heffron oh yeah yeah
maksim Bud Light tour when remember what
those are the real men of Bud Light they
were getting guy who sang was the lead
singer of survivor the eye of the tiger
guy oh yeah yeah
so we were on tour with those guys so
those guys would sing songs and they had
like little punch lines they would do
with the songs and they would have a
local guy which is actually how I met
Tom Segura I met Tom Segura because we
were doing the Hollywood Theater or
celebrity theater whatever it is in
Phoenix and Segura was the opening act
the local opening act okay I could flown
him in and I get I think he did like
five or ten minutes and he was hilarious
and that's how I became buddies with him
and started taking him on the road with
me but then you know there would be the
real American hero guys and then it
would be Heffron and then Charlie and me
and yeah we we did 22 dates over a month
we had a great fucking time I only met
him once but he was real cool I met him
in Vegas and just you know one of those
we were it was the dirty at 12:30 I'm
doing the dirty and he came by and we
just you know just hung out backstage
met him for him it but yeah he seemed
cool couldn't be cool that was maybe a
year a year maybe two years at most
before he passed away he did my podcast
in the early early early days we always
talked about doing it again but he never
did it again but he had some great
fucking stories about Mike Tyson by
visiting Mike Tyson and Mike Tyson was
outside with the tiger and nobody wanted
to get out of limo well you know that
the the tragic thing about comics right
is when a comic dies his act dies with
him yeah you know where as singers
somebody
else will sing the songs that isn't but
when a comic goes so when you have some
like Patrice you know like that's all
gone like that you know and and so many
comics like yeah when they're gone that
act is gone and you you remember it and
it was hilarious but nobody could you
can't nobody can do their act after that
I think there was a guy that was doing a
Bill Hicks tribute show and he was doing
Bill Hicks with all Bill Hicks material
and he dressed like I'm an alphabetical
it died that day yeah I don't exactly
see if you can find that there's a I
think they were trying to do that almost
like someone trying to be like Mark
Twain like you could do a Samuel Clemens
one-man show and read the works of Mark
Twain with a goofy mustache on right
well it's like in Vegas the Rat Pack you
know they can do that but it doesn't
work with comedy you can you could do
the Rat Pack you can't do Don Rickles
right are you it just you can't do it no
you can't
yeah the Vegas is a weird place for
fucking impersonators right that
impersonator life I can't imagine it cuz
some of them are so deep into it like I
we worked you know I do these jazz
cruises and they do other cruise so they
had an 80s cruise and we had a Michael
Jackson impersonator and this guy stayed
in character for the whole cruise to
where you want say like yo man you know
you're not Michael Jackson he was like
getting off the ship in port you know
what I mean like you when you go to the
shops or have lunch with Michael Jackson
the whole outfit outfit glove the idea
the hair the makeup that yeah it was it
was weird like and and you know it's
kind of a strange talent right to be
like yeah I'm this person so so what
what if that person didn't exist who are
you what's your what's your thing you
know and and I heard the Prince guy is
like that I don't know but I've heard
that there's a prince guy who had
surgery to look more like Prince there's
a few Michael Jackson guys and it's ER
like Michael Jackson we got Jamie first
Google Images just changed and I might
just fucked up so the stuff looks weird
now but I found something a show that
was done about ten years ago where a guy
did a show called Bill Hicks light
return where he didn't show as if Bill
Hicks was still here ten years after his
death Oh with like new material yes even
worse that's I'm gonna I'm gonna project
what Bill Hicks would have thought of
today's how dare you world yeah fucking
London settle down London stop trying
that's what I need to get Alex Jones to
be Bill Hicks just give him a little
more hair but I think that's the closest
thing I could find it oh okay and maybe
I read it wrong cuz I could have swore
there was a guy who was doing Bill Hicks
material he was doing it again what does
that Bill Hicks dark poet lower right is
that actually Hicks and lower right-hand
side the blue one keep going
bang what's that yeah that's it that's
not yeah that's not Hicks that's the guy
that pretended to be Hicks yes that's
the guy that's this yeah
barf this show has a ride but this show
is a bumpy journey that shows death oh
you know this is a different guy even a
show called dark poets stop look the way
they dress everything stop you know from
Texas shut your mouth
go home you fuck write your own Act go
to Edinburgh and pretend to be Bill
Hicks and hope nobody here has ever
actually seen them get some surgery the
Michael Jackson people like you gotta
get fucked up surgery yeah not regular
search you got to get like the fucked up
chin thing it's a it's the weirdest like
again like you say to be an impersonator
and now I guess Queen is good you know
be like as they make these movies right
so now people are gonna want to be don't
wanna overheads yeah it's a freaking you
if you mess up these teeth yeah they
probably have to wear fake teeth yeah
krazee-eyez teeth what a talent act lady
said it yeah it helped his voice damn
yeah that's what he said you know in the
movie that he said he could sing at that
range because of his shape of his mouth
which may be true I don't know I don't
know how it how does he know he didn't
never see he's never had a different
shaped mouth that's true yeah
well whatever it was it worked he's
making lemonade that's what it is
but you're right like that talent you
know that Artur is who's like that now
at er bands like that now did you know
because they just cuz Queen kept like
every song was different like you knew
it was Queen but it was completely
different than the last hit that they
did yeah that's what was crazy about it
I think those bands that grew up with no
internet they will forever be unique
because it was a different world and
that the the kind of creativity that it
took to become those bands like the kind
of creativity that it takes to become
the who you know like try today the
world is like a different place like
they they develop touring and like the
Beatles they develop touring and in
performing constantly and writing and
and you know I mean sure they were
influenced by other bands but not nearly
to the extent that people are today yeah
and also there's kind of a conformity
today to the marketing like we want you
to be this so we can sell it you know I
was playing Earth Wind & Fire for
somebody and it was one of their
instrumentals and I told him I said well
you know Earth Wind & Fire would also
play jazz with Ramsey Lewis like they
would the same musicians and him like oh
it's because I saw him once and they
were doing this whole jazz thing and I
wondered what it was and it was like yet
they were actual musician and a band
like her can you imagine showing up now
at a band like yeah that's 27 of us we
got a horn section and addition to that
they'd be like what no like we're not
paying for actual musicians like those
bands had horn sections and
and rhythm section it was a lot of
people how do they make money in well
they charge a lot for tickets they have
to well you know what else seven people
on the stage records write records were
real records you so record sales like
when you sold a million records you made
a lot of money from selling a million
records yeah and you heads you know
those bands like like I did one of these
eighty sings with war and the number
blew my mind but then I realized that
war sold over 50 million records right
in it but then when you think about it
yeah they had a hit every summer for
like six seven years right like why
can't we be friends a low rider on it
they had a whole list to hit like every
one of the songs would start playing
like oh yeah I know this I know this
song you know 50 million records so how
much do you think each record cost 10
bucks yeah yeah what more records 999 or
whatever it's something like that yeah
and they probably got they got they had
to get what at least a buck or two bucks
off of each one after everybody else
took their cut ah yeah and then all the
touring money yeah I was talking to
someone who's a band ends in a band now
and they were explaining to me that
these record companies they don't just
take your record sales anymore
like iTunes sales and they now take
merchandise they take Turing money when
you sign you signed to an all exclusive
deal because the record companies can't
really justify their existence anymore
because they can't really sell write
your cancer yeah cuz all the musicians I
know say the only time they sell CDs or
records or whatever is at the live show
like that they have to go out and sell
they like us now right I got to go out
and do merch like they didn't have to do
that before it's like yeah buying a CD
now who's buying a CD again look at it
you know what am i do with this thing oh
yeah a lot for it well yeah that's what
people say when they buy him after shows
they're like you know and I joke about
like cuz I have CDs and download cards
you set yourself CDs though it's a
generational it is literally the line as
right at about the age 40 if they're
older they want a CD right and I just
you know so so if you try to sell them a
download card like what well I'm not
paying you for a business card what is
this right but then if you get a younger
person and you try to solve a CD Allah
where am I gonna play this my
grandfather's house like with my
computers don't even come with a drive
anymore like a disco records though
people like red people wanna buy vinyl
want to sell vinyl because that's a
small percentage that one of my buy
vinyl I think your crowd like you're in
the Jazz and you know what jazz fans
still have CD players like they made the
switch from records to CDs and they're
like that's it I'm not going back I'm
not swear I'm not getting the records
out of the garage so there's not a
record industry some but it's for the
it's funny yeah yeah there's some but
it's not big blue notes doing Blue Note
jazz label is doing records again and
for their artists but they're selling to
the younger people not to older people
older people aren't buying turntable new
turntables to play it that makes sense
you know where is a good jazz place in
LA like if I wanted to go see Jeff you
know the crazy thing about LA is all the
jazz musicians live here and they all
say well we don't play here there's no
money to be made so did theirs on
because it's LA they record here you
know and they - I'm trying remember name
it on Sunset Catalina Bar and Grille on
Sunset is good and vibrato on Beverly
Glen is good vibrato is owned by Herb
Alpert oh yeah so is this something like
you you'll go out like on a Wednesday
night or something like that you go see
some nos I I do more I love going to
festivals yeah I love going to jazz
festivals I'm guilty that I'll go to a
jazz club in New York more so than I
would in LA really yeah
why because it's more the vibe the vibe
in New York that it just fits that's
where they come from and that's what a
jam
but but I've been to I've been to a few
time I'll go definitely if I know
somebody who's playing there I'll go see
him at Catalina I need I've never
experienced good jazz
I'm sure it's real I know you're not
dumb know this guy I got a man is what
is this Jamie this is Catalina but de
Van Dyke performs they're kind of
frequently right he performed the only
place I've even that's the only reason I
know of it because it's on Sunset in
Hollywood Oh up there is he doing
stand-up no he does jazz he sings what
see this but this is the thing and this
is the thing about jazz so you see that
now call up a guy look up well I want to
hear some of this that's old yes but
that that's a jazz that keeps people
from listening to jazz yeah you know
that's a jazzy lay oh never mind
look you look up a guy like Robert
Glasper who's just this brilliant young
keyboard player and he has two bands he
has the Robert Glasper trio which is
just a jazz trio piano bass and drums
which it brilliant then he's got the
Robert Glasper experience which is his
electronic electric band and he'll have
everyone singing on that from like Lalah
Hathaway Donny Hathaway's daughter who's
a brilliant vocalist - Lupe Fiasco you
know - most def they all perform
together he hangs out with the root the
roots have a jam session in New York
that that all these jazz artists come to
so that's what's going on that I love it
it's really I mean jazz has always been
the most creative music you know it's
just and and that's why I love it these
guys are there they're masters of their
instruments and it's all about
creativity and they you know even when
they do covers it's great because they
do it in such a different way
like Robert Glasper experienced the
first time I heard him they did smells
like teen spirit and I was like hey
thank you he was he could can he look at
her he can look up anything so that's
the kind of thing in jazz you know my
buddy Marcus Miller who's this brilliant
bass player who was he was Luther
Vandross his musical director and he did
all the music for Luther right now was
all great but he also produced music for
Miles Davis you know and he's done stuff
again with with anybody from like you
know Bill Withers to to classic
old-school jazz artists oh yeah jazz
covers a wide range and that's what I
love about it but there's a lot of young
jazz artists now who are bringing in
hip-hop and and different genres into
jazz that are making it really cool
international stuff a lot of African
sound coming in Brazilian sound coming
in and these are the guy Terrace Martin
who's in a group called R & R equals now
with Glasper somebody Terrace Martin
does all of Kendrick Lamar's music
really seeds so it's so fast so it's
like yeah it's like yeah I'll go with
Kendrick Lamar and I you know I just I
need to make five million dollars so
i'ma do this music but when I can just
create and play and have fun and just be
a musician then I go to my jazz roots
and I jam with these guys in a whole
different different vibes so here's
right here yeah
smells like teen spirit jazz version
that's hilarious
what is going on with his head what is
up there not here yes and a hat I can't
help you with that
that red straight I got nothing like
what's happening now that as a hat yeah
that can't be it's hairy
interesting
so he's using a vocoder so as he sings
it comes through the instrument wow
these guys got to be high you know yeah
no way around well that part of jazz
never changed yeah
Miles Davis has always been fascinating
to me look at all the people in the
musical history like he's always been
like with this one dude but I was like
how I loved him met that guy he's who's
so fucking intense Marcus you know
played in his band and knew him I would
have loved to have seen him just to see
him live because you know he he did a
record call kind of blue which is the
biggest selling jazz record ever
he did it in 59 it still sells thousands
of copies a week like it's still a big
you know kind of blue is the standard
but he also played covers of like human
nature and time after time like in the
80s he was doing covers of that Wow
you know so so again that was the thing
about about a jazz art like he was like
yeah well it's good music so I'm gonna
play it like I don't I don't care if it
is written by Cyndi Lauper or you know
Duke Ellington that's good music I'm
gonna play it and that that's what's so
cool about but yeah so those are places
but when you go to the jazz festivals
you know whether it be the Playboy Jazz
Fest a little Newport Jazz Festival my
just like our Comedy Festival is where
you get a bunch of musicians who are
like here we're all here together let's
let this Jam let's play something and
sometimes the best music will be random
not not not part of the set but like oh
man remember we played together in you
know 97 in Montreux yeah let's come
onstage and we'll play mm-hmm and then
you hear something that you again just
like in comedy when some comics just
improv in or you know they're they're
doing the same thing they're they're
improbably to meet a big compliment I
get from jazz musicians when they
compliment me on my improv you know
because it's like yeah you guys are the
experts
you need like improv is you guys created
it so if I'm doing something and you
think it's cool Craig Robinson you know
Craig sure he's a
about both sides like he's got the
comedy and music thing and he's
respected on both yeah he's like it the
musicians love him and comics love him
and he's yeah Craig and Montreal Craig
did a big outdoor show like it was like
a block party like via the giant outdoor
stage yeah Craig played it and it was
hilarious cuz he's doing his act right
so it's a big outdoor thing and families
with their kids and and he's singing
take your panties off and I'm like yeah
so this I guess is the uncensored Craig
but it was hilarious you know very cool
I saw Dizzy Gillespie once when I was a
kid when I was in I was kind of had like
second and third grade I was living in
San Francisco we had a field trip I want
to see Dizzy Gillespie live and I'll
never forget it
like you know his cheeks blow up like a
bullfrog right and it was like but
that's not even the way you're supposed
to play the trumpet right and that's
what's so great about it
like nobody cuz nobody taught him the
right way to play it so he just played
it most people don't even know who Dizzy
Gillespie is but if you see him live you
never forget like that right like what
in the fuck like you see his face blow
up you're like how how how are you doing
that how is that real but so you're
supposed to keep your cheeks tight like
the way they would teach you they would
never teach you to do that and you
probably couldn't I know I couldn't you
know just he just had a way of doing it
I wonder what year he died don't know
but I was a little kid when I saw his it
died in 93 93 in New Jersey damn I am i
met arturo Thunderball and they did a
movie about am andy garcia did a movie
bottom so Arturo's really yeah he's this
Cuban trumpet player and I want to say
it what he was telling the story and I
want to say it was Dizzy Gillespie who
was in Cuba and Arturo was like driving
him around right this is like in I guess
it would be in the late 50s maybe early
60s and he asked Arturo
what he does and it's like I turned like
I played a trumpet but the Cubans were
like oh yeah that's her too like all the
Cubans knew who he was so he played and
Dizzy Gillespie in the head I want to
say was dead he might I might be wrong
name but but they went to the US State
Department the head of CBS Records and
it and said we have to get him in the
United States like we he has to be here
and they did it they the State
Department got an art Earl
now imagine this genom they went to the
State Department it was an artist thing
they said we want this guy to come to
hell they sneak him out of Cuba I have
no idea but no they didn't sneak him out
he it was a state-sponsored thing like
they come over here to perform and then
went back no he came over and stayed but
this was a crazy part this is the part I
can't imagine so he flies from Cuba into
LaGuardia Airport and they take him
straight to Carnegie Hall for soundcheck
and he plays Carnegie Hall that night I
mean can you imagine like imagine your
first gig right like somebody somebody
saw you you know I don't know Rodney
Dangerfield saw you at a club in Boston
pretty like regarding okay Joe oh my god
it was it's a crazy story and but to
this day but Arturo is like when he
plays a trumpet you know it's him like
he hits notes on the trumpet like only
dogs can hear like he's famous for this
super high notes and stuff like that
but yeah that that's that's what I love
about it so I love the creativity and
then you know Marcus was telling me cuz
he's from New York from Queens 70s 80s
guy he said well you know what happened
with hip hop he said one of the things
was they took music out of the schools
right they didn't you know they don't
teach you can't take an instrument
anymore they were like it's out of the
budget Bobby he said well you can't stop
people from creating so these guys they
didn't have musical instruments but they
had records so they just started making
music with their records they just
started mixing the records and coming up
with noose and it was like yeah that
that kind of makes sense if you're
musical and nobody teaches you to play
an instrument but you have these records
you're like all right well what if I
played this and this at the same time
right and then the next thing you know
they made that hip hop which that hip
hop caught on existed before right the
idea of mixing two different records
together until hip hop came around no
one ever did that with rock and roll
didn't oh no and then hip hop mixed in
rock and roll right when when you know
Run DMC Smith that's way that blew
people's mind as you know that was like
wait a minute that's black and a what
happen can't another play together yeah
yeah adidas was like yes they can't and
they wearing adidas well they do did you
ever listen to any of the brand New
Heavies
yeah they did hip hop with the brand New
Heavies yeah there's a heavy what it's a
heavy rhyme experience is that what it's
called
it's to this day one of my one of my
favorite old schools like 1990 style rap
/ yeah the brand New Heavies were great
yeah they were great and then you had
Living Color who I still love oh man
living collar person now yeah that was a
great and you talk about you talk about
being ahead of their time like think
about that song cult of personality that
day right right yeah yeah and and and CM
Punk walk out music yeah yeah and that
was another band where they were like
okay let me get this straight this is a
heavy like a heavy metal rock and roll
band of black guys who are sampling
Public Enemy right what the fuck
[Music]
some weird some areas he had the crazy
hair where he would wear two wet suits
all the time yeah like scuba suits yeah
he used to jam and nose yeah that is
what he's wearing I probably want to
show his dick off
hey yeah rockstar why not back in the
day like you ever see like those Robert
Plant he'd these tight pants on yes he's
hog and he's wearing a suit he's wearing
a wet suit goddamn a spandex wet suit so
weird that was his thing oh wow
they fucking vanished what happened to
them
they would they came back out they did
the 25th anniversary I saw it and at
Hard Rock they did the 25th anniversary
of their record a vivid called the
personnel yeah and they toured it look
at silly swimsuit Wow
yeah that was a great fucking song but
you know that's always freaking me out
to like imagine being a band you have
one song that just are out of the park
right yeah just in the parking lot you
know just one fucking grand slam home
run goddamn we did it this is huge
number one song in the nation several
weeks in a row and nothing well yeah but
but imagine well what they say you got
your whole life to write that song yeah
and then we got two years to write the
night write it do it again but this also
is like some bands they just catch fire
with what like do you remember warrant
cherry pie yeah she's fuckin huge song
that was it that dude died near here he
died in Woodland Hills and a fucking
shitty hotel somewhere imma give you the
one-hit wonder you want it okay the
twist the twist
what did Chubby Checker ever sing oh my
god imagine that you had the song that
was like yeah that was the shit chubby
Checker's number two hit I don't know
that's a great point because but that
somehow or another was good enough for
him to stay famous for his whole life
your whole life people hire you to play
one song he was the greatest one-hit
wonder ever then he was the yeah yeah I
can't even imagine anyone who's come
close to that
cuz no one's paying them to sing sing
call to personality no one's all excited
no you you might have one fan who's like
worth millions who pays you to come yeah
birthday party entry telling shit yeah
you actually might like opinion
do you remember and then live and cover
the TV show reliving color came out yeah
and then it was like wait what are you
doing that
hey there's already a band that's not us
and I bet the show far eclipse the bar
clips the band and then they were like
were you named after the show like how
many tight like what's the name Darius
Rucker how many times has he said my
name is not Hootie Hootie is back
because Darius Rucker went off and did
country music and did that for a long
time but now he's back hoodies back on
tour party yeah man yeah that was
another band that BAM was that fucking
that verse record the second record fell
off that first record was David Ellis I
think it was like serious or something
but like they played it and then I went
back and played it again it was like wow
I forgot how good this was like that
album is but the second one was not as
good I don't think that was one of those
albums though there's something about
Hootie where some people despised them
and it didn't make any sense to me
people just heard those songs too many
times it was too big of a hit and they
were all fucking Hootie that does happen
though like we've Matthews when yeah
when something's too much of a hit and
you hear it every day you get tired of
saw and they dangerous don't play that
you know a buddy of mine actually mal
Hall he's gonna love this shout out so
mal Hall opens for me really funny guy
and he tours with Angela Johnson
he hates happy that song I'm happy yeah
bye-bye Pharrell I insist on it being
his walk on music whenever we work he
physically he has a physical reaction
because how much did we hear that song
when it came out it was like drilled so
yeah so now he's known people it's good
for them to get angry for Joey Diaz
whenever I'd worked with him he would
just decide he would pick a thing and it
wasn't like like we would talk about
this but I recognize what he was doing
after a while I'd he'd be backstage and
he would pick a thing and just start
getting fucking mad at it
these fucking pussies this is what they
think America is this will they take the
fucking world is and he would start
getting crazy in there ladies and
gentlemen Joey did he would go on stage
with that momentum yes mark the place
I've had that happen a couple of times
with something just got I remember any
arrows one of those you know when you do
to set you wish you had recorded it yes
so I was going to the Laugh Factory it's
Saturday night I was on my bike and this
guy like it stop and go right and I'm
just any hit my bike but it was only at
like five miles an hour like he just
tapped me and knocked the bike over but
I'm like I was bright like how did you
not see me right and I just went on
stage and I just ranted about you know
drivers and traffic in this and it was
hilarious and it was like gone
no I never recorded I do sometimes but I
didn't record that I wish I because it
was just unit you know sometimes you
just get something gets to you right
before you go on stage and you it's not
written you just go into a race but it's
right there that's why it's so important
to record everything yeah I record all
of them yeah I have them all on my phone
it's so easy now yeah now this was
before phones this is before we carried
a studio in our pocket this is when this
is when you had the micro cassette I
still have a bunch of those tapes those
I used to have my through mouth anyone
here I um I used to have a little tiny
mini cassette recorder a mini disc yeah
I remember a mini disc yeah that was
when Sony kept trying formats like maybe
they'll buy this right nearby so yeah we
mini disc once they fucked him with
Betamax you sons of bitches did anyone
but comics by minidiscs like I set up a
mini disc recorder at the Comedy Store I
actually installed one I installed a
mini disc recorder at the comic store so
I could record my sets yeah yeah comics
we used I don't know if anyone else did
oh I mean it just didn't work they
really never sold music on it so as a
format it never really took off but then
it was like CD arse
right yeah you can record on this in
Renoir Phoebe ours yeah we thought that
was the shit that's what I'd about could
make my own CDs write on it with a
sharpie that's technology man it happens
so fast especially in this era yeah I
mean think about how long records
existed for yeah decade after decade
after decade it was just records and
then all sudden compact discs like what
right
cuz yeah cuz that started what around
1990 like laser discs yeah oh my asked
my brother my brother's a techie and
like an early adopter so he has all that
shit in his garage so yeah he's got some
movies on 12-inch still collect those
anything that was out there somebody
somebody's buying eight tracks somewhere
somebody's in their home right now
watching Top Gun on laserdisc all
excited yeah and they'd they invite you
over like a check this out
and you're like I can just hit the
remote and instantly the place that's
the most incredible thing is like you
could ask Siri to play a song yeah like
like you know like play a whole lot of
love bitch listen to me hey Siri play a
whole lot of love by Led Zeppelin well
what kind of a world we live in
yeah well that's like those commercials
and and again getting back to the
special I talked about like the
arguments between Syria and Alexa like
that's gonna be the next thing yeah I
think Alexa is more of a spy
that bitch is sneaky she's listening
more Alexa's listening let's listen in
all the time Yuri you have to talk to
her yeah but you hear this yeah we think
we think but you don't you know the
privacy's in illusion now like when
people I'm off the grid like no you're
not it's none of our none of us are off
the grid so you know they say like
you're your social security number you
everyone anyone can find it or your
credit card numbers like anything you do
it's out there well there was a new
there's a new technology that the
government is unleashing that is a
weather balloon or a balloon that from
65,000 feet it can watch multiple cars
at the same time and tracked them 65,000
feet in the air like you even see what
the fuck's I mean no you wouldn't even
be able to see it up there but that's
you know that's not that new I mean you
know this is apparently like super
high-tech no I mean the gist the idea of
watching from that high mean they've had
spy planes and stuff like that they
could you know was in a movie I in the
sky yes they Hackman or something yes
myth well with the satellites yeah that
was a yet I was a movie where Gene
Hackman would like like Will Smith made
a phone call and Gene Hackman had to
blow up his lab but yeah back when I was
in the aerospace you know they had
airplanes that would like they're flying
at 80,000 feet keeping an eye on things
yeah you know and they had cameras and
now it's just so much more prevalent and
yeah well you know you've got listen man
you your car right all the new cars have
a black box in them that people don't
realize like so if you have an accident
they can find out how fast you were
going oh yeah when you cry or if you
have a warranty thing and they're like
yeah but you were racing it at 150 miles
an hour blah blah blah you know I got
some cars have a box in them where the
police can shut your car down yeah I say
if you're in a high-speed chase in a
Corvette or something I don't know if
it's a car that but it's some kind of
car like that that's electronically
controlled right they literally can get
your VIN number plug it into a machine
and say shut it down yeah they can do
that with OnStar right if the car solon
launch star just shuts the car off yeah
have you seen those new plates those
electronic plates yeah I know that's
weird
well when you call it in like say
someone stole your car then the plate
changes to stolen oh really
yeah I didn't know that yeah
now it's like a little more down don't
ya your eyes lit up well it's it's good
no cuz I was thinking how many how come
how people can mess with you like that
like now that's you're just open for a
practical joke yeah man let's report his
car stolen yeah that's true because who
do they note like on the phone they
don't know if it's you right and all you
need is the VIN or something minute all
right what do you need you need some
sort of second party verification do
they send you a text message reply to
this if your car's really stolen
you know I doubt it yeah good point your
ex-wife calling your car stolen yes you
would have all your info like yeah yeah
there's some bitch every Saturday night
or she knows you're doing something yeah
do it yes stolen car you bastard this is
our privacy so deteriorated from the
time we were kids to today like it makes
you really wonder how far it can keep
slipping the only but the other side of
the coin is they don't like know most
people don't care you know I mean in
other words you're not that important
like the government spying on me like
well no they're not because you're
nobody like you're not doing anything
that they would be interested in yeah
don't flatter yourself yeah exactly
if the what it what did you do but then
there's the other side like hey if
you're not doing anything wrong you
shouldn't worry about the government hey
they can go look in my email I'm not
doing anything wrong that's not the
point the point is the government is
people right and people shouldn't have
access to your email and who knows what
kind of weird shit they're doing like
theirs that was one of the things that
Edward Snowden said that the government
is like sneaking in on people's emails
and looking at people's dick pics and
looking at dads look at all of all those
things and that's a sliding scale right
between security and privacy and all of
that that you have to figure out what
you're comfortable with and you know
shameless plug number two mypod yes no
I'm part of this new podcast it's called
fear not who's on it with you a guy
named Barry Glasner and Barry glass and
I wrote this book called the culture of
fear and it was all about how fear is
used as business right they keep you
scared so that they could sell you
things whether it be security systems
or we eat there's so much involved in it
and and it it's about what we're scared
of versus what the real threats are and
you know what I mean like he's like yeah
we they keep you scared of you know your
kid getting kidnapped in the park like
you're kidding gonna get kidnapped in
the park but what you should be scared
of is the number of drunk drivers on the
road that's real yeah and they did the
odds of you getting hit by a drunk
driver between like midnight and 2:00
a.m. and a bar like that's a real fear
and and we talk about it in the context
of different things we did the the whole
anti vaccine and you know so what's
what's you yeah you're worried about
your kid yet in getting something from
the vaccinations but the greater good is
society is protecting itself against
measles or whatever disease you know so
we talk about things like that and and
yeah there's there's always that sliding
scale of personal security or whatever
versus the government you know and and
it again the government if the
government did its job right you could
trust them a lot more sure you know what
I mean like the government in other
words this is just my opinion is okay a
lot of people I hate paying taxes I
don't mind paying taxes because I
understand the greater good we need to
fix roads and we want to have good
public schools and qapla blah ya Iron
Man but the problem is that the
government gets the money and then they
fuck up
yeah so so that's why you don't want to
pay because you know that this
politician is paying his brother who's a
contractor to do some bullshit work and
stealing all you know so that and and
you know what's the solution i I don't
know I mean we're all wondering what's
the solution there is a solution on the
horizon did you see what happened with
Neil deGrasse Tyson that Neil deGrasse
Tyson got in trouble for tweeting
something the other day after the mass
shootings right people are pissed at him
because it pulled up pull the the tweet
up because it's pretty interesting
because it's it's just accurate and
people were angry and they're saying
he's using his platform irresponsibly
and no he was trying to let people know
that although
shootings are a tragedy they are a small
number of deaths and there's so many
other deaths that happened here goes the
past 48 hours the u.s. a horrific Lee
lost 34 people to mass shootings on
average across 48 hours we also lose 502
medical errors 302 the flu 252 suicide
202 car accidents forty two homicides
via handgun often our emotions respond
more to spectacle than to data now that
is not a bad tweet but I saw a scientist
who was writing I am unfollowing him he
is using his platform irresponsibly a
lot of fuckin virtue signaling really
because what what he's saying is not
that there's anything wrong with you
know feeling horrified by these
tragedies I mean he's saying we horrific
horrific Lee lost 34 people to mass
shootings police saying it's interesting
that there's people dying left and right
all throughout this country all day long
just not at the hands of one person so
we look at it differently and he's just
saying he's just giving you data as a
scientist that's exactly what it is
he's a science yes and so a scientist
can separate the emotion yeah
but people don't - apology is even more
interesting people will consider a mass
shooting much worse than you know heart
attacks yeah so listen to this so this
is the other thing yesterday I posted in
reaction to the horrific mass shootings
in America over the previous 48 hours
killing 34 people spawned mixed and
highly critical responses if you missed
it I offered a short list of largely
preventable causes of death along with
their average two-day death toll in the
United States they significantly
exceeded the death toll from the two
days of mass shootings including the
number of people forty who on average
died from handgun homicides every two
days I then noted that we tend to react
emotionally to spectacular incidences of
death with the implication that more
common causes of death trigger milder
responses within us
my intent was to offer objectively true
information that might help shape
conversations and reactions to
preventable ways we died where I
miscalculated was that I genuinely
believe that the tweet would be helpful
to anyone trying to save lives in
America what I learned from the range of
reactions that is that for many people
some information my tweet in particular
can be true but unhelpful especially at
a time when many people are either still
in shock or trying to heal or both so if
you are one of those people I apologize
for not knowing in advance what effect
might we could have had on you I'm
therefore thankful for the candor and
depth of critical reactions shared in my
Twitter feed as an educator I personally
value knowing with precision and
accuracy
what reaction anything that I say or
write will instill in my audience and I
got this one wrong respectfully
submitted and then it says Neil deGrasse
Tyson now even that people are saying
not enough not good enough a response
it's almost like today there's certain
people today - they don't give a fuck
whether or not you're saying something
with sincerity whether you are sorry
they don't sorry's not enough like they
don't they just want they want to be mad
at you and even if you're sorry if you
admit you made a mistake there's no
forgiveness there's no road to
redemption there's no there's no I get
what you were doing I think that it
depends on you know as far as is the
sorry enough for whatever it depends on
the pattern of the person now with Neil
deGrasse Tyson
this is what I think happened in here is
my opinion he's a scientist so he gives
information so he saw this and said oh
wait a minute this many people died from
medical mistakes this may be and and
people didn't react
what he doesn't where he messed up with
the timing yes
you don't say that the day after the
mass shooter you say it maybe a week
later or something like hey you know
people die in a lot of way blah blah
blah now what he's saying is I didn't
know that I'm a scientist I I wasn't
aware of the emotional impact thank you
for telling me the emotional impact and
I'm sorry that I hurt people's feelings
to me is totally legitimate especially
coming from who he is and what what I
would think the scientific mindset is
now there are some people like yeah
exactly what you said they decided
you're a terrible person for saying it
so that apology isn't enough there's
nothing he could do right but see that
there's certain people right there's
nothing you can do that's gonna change
their mind you know you you look at look
at the Obama birth certificate right so
even when the birth Civic came out
there's a certain percentage of the
people that are still like what now
that's fake like there was no way he was
ever gonna be American to these people
or what he did there's a certain you
know you you travel you know like I drew
you know there are certain groups like
you ain't gonna get them right there
their mind's made up and they're in
their bubble they're in there whatever
it is and they're surrounded by
like-minded people like you said like
this is the disadvantage of the Internet
right the advantage of the Internet is
all of this information the disadvantage
is you find people who only think like
you and you only talk to them and you
build this bubble well he well yes so
there's a group of people a percentage I
know however you want to describe it
that decided the moment he said that
this is an unfeeling horrible person
I mean I said you know my thing with it
with the mass shootings I'm like listen
we don't care we say we care
individually like it's very sad for that
family it's very to me the worst part of
a mass shooting is somebody went to
Walmart that day they didn't know what's
gonna be the last day their life they're
never gonna see their family again
somebody went out to a club in in Ohio
they didn't know they never come that's
the the tragic part and that is sad but
in the grand scheme of things we don't
do anything we don't you know we we say
it doesn't work before we even try it
like there's nothing we do that changes
even after Vegas when they said they
were gonna ban what was it called the
bump stop or whatever it was that thing
that helped shoot faster and then
ultimately they didn't even ban that you
know so so as a society we say we care
but we don't because we don't change
anything you got to change something
nothing changes if nothing changes right
well they were getting way off track
here but yeah with Neil deGrasse Tyson
the the outrage thing did not reach me
no no I didn't outrage you either right
no because he's a side that what he said
his truth yeah and data is true and data
is delivered without emotion and why
people were upset is because he
delivered truth with no emotion right
and so did he said horrific aliy I mean
he was talking about the tragedy yeah
the things that just people are looking
to be upset oh absolutely yeah
absolutely people look for for something
to be mad about yeah or something to be
outraged about and that you know what
that takes away from it takes away from
real outrage yes right yeah it
diminishes it if you're outraged
everyday then you know then ok so what's
really outrageous I think I'm gonna be
upset if I'm gonna be upset at a
scientist for giving me scientific data
what do I want yet I guess the timing
was the issue the timing was like it
wasn't an issue with me I mean I get
what he's doing I'm not a moron yeah
it's just it's simple he was just giving
you all sorts of different horrific
deaths that occur all throughout the
country and I think on that same weekend
there was some unprecedent number of
people that were shot and killed in
Chicago yeah Chicago fuck Chicago's and
so Wars yeah and and the thing is you
know people say well what about the gun
laws and it's like yeah but they did all
you got to do is go to Indiana like you
go two hours away and you can get
whatever you want just you know that's
the that's the thing so so having a car
so as a city Chicago is like look we're
trying but we can't you know what are we
gonna set up borders and check every car
coming into Illinois have to go in every
house so you can't you can't do that
yeah it's but yeah his thing I think it
was a time and I'm like you that didn't
offend me I get what he was saying and
then this it's can't offend you he's
you're a rational human a can offend you
you know you know what bothers me when
people pretend
be ignorant of something and they're not
how so well when people like like for
example with this like there's something
like oh we can use this to to create
some dislike against Neil deGrasse Tyson
or what it's generally it's generally
politicians do it right when they say
something and they're like oh I didn't
know that was offensive or right it's
like yes you did but you know your
followers didn't you see what I mean
like you can give me an example
I'm trying trying to think of an example
okay well well with the mass shootings
right so that sort of whole thing of
saying that Trump's tweets had nothing
to do with it yes they did
yes now they date it indirectly but yeah
it did normalize and this guy used the
same language of the you know invasion
etc so you can't say that it's
completely unrelated you know I mean you
can't you can't
don't pretend and again it's not saying
directly but but you can't pretend
there's no connection right right and
they're actually bulls it's quotes there
are people who are intelligent enough to
know that but they'll say no no there's
no gay and it's like yes there is and
you know there is don't feign ignorance
that's what I mean right well you know
the guy in Dayton who really fucked up
one was that guy's an Elizabeth Warren
supporter who actually wrote about gun
control I mean he was just a horrific
super homicidal fucking yeah psychopath
and they listen that you have to have
some there has to be something wrong
with you to do that you're like even you
know it's regardless of your political
beliefs there has to be something wrong
with you but you can be sparked or you
can be egged on sure yeah by the words
of leaders or political people or
powerful people and people of influence
perfect way to put it yet people of
influence and that's why I think people
of influence have to be responsible in
what they say yeah you know but but this
but neil degrasse tyson this is a
different thing i think this is just a
case of a scientist pointing out
information
without you know like like you know you
were talking about earlier dorks nerds
whatever you want to say that where it's
like yeah well this is just information
I'm not trying to be emotional and
people like well you have to be real
happy to connect you even know you're
from a lab environment you have to
understand not everyone is but that's
not that's a one of the more
uncomfortable things about today with
social media is there's a bunch of
people that are really just they're just
authoritarian they're they're they
demand certain types of behavior and
they do so under the guise of compassion
they do so under like they're trying to
enforce the way people communicate like
the Neil deGrasse Tyson thing this you
used there's no indication whatsoever
that he was minimizing the deaths but
pretending that he's doing so yeah there
are some people who believe he did but
there are a lot of people pretending to
be right to be upset they're finding a
nice talk right yeah I you know as too
many voices Alonso too many words too
many people out there spewing again
that's the dense we spew of the positive
and the negative IDIA of the a.m. yeah
that's a positive and a negative the
positive is everyone has a voice the
negative is everyone has a voice yeah
there's no and and everyone's light and
and the thing is the the middle the
comest voice is the the reasonable
voices are the least heard of course
yeah well that's Facebook right
Facebook's algorithm favors outrage yo
if you are on Facebook and you get upset
about abortion that's the kind of shit
you're gonna get in your feed right if
you get mad about climate change there
you go you're gonna get a lot of climate
change talk yeah it's gonna show up and
goddamn that makes people nuts oh again
and this is living in a bubble you don't
get to hear the other side yeah you know
and and and and it's not even it's the
reasonable part of the other side you
know what I mean like politically yeah
I'm left I have friends who I call
reasonable Republicans and I could talk
to a reasonable Republican can talk to a
crazy Republican right you know Kay if
you if you say to
the mass shootings are based on
transgender marriage then we can't talk
we got nothing like I'm sorry I can't
work with you but if you say that taxes
should be lower to stimulate the economy
and blah blah blah yeah we could talk
about that you know I mean that's that's
that's the difference and you know and
just just like on the left look I I
believe in the environment this and that
but now if you're asking me to give up
gasoline we may have a problem I may not
be ready to go that far just yet here's
my thought if there's too much co2 in
the air can't we make something to suck
co2 other air why we way sir I mean
wouldn't that be better to me there are
certain air filters just giant air
filters there are certain forms of
technology or areas I don't understand
this is the one that bugs made it on
can't we come up with a better way to
build a road but what's the better way I
don't know but but that's my point it's
there's some really smart people out
there Oh mouths words it takes forever
to build road construction you think
about what you got to do well that's
what I'm saying those somebodies
somebody's got to come up with a with a
better way like when I you know they
only want more roads
well fixing them we gotta fix them just
fucking later or in concrete or whatever
the fuck it is like the high-speed train
thing right like I don't how long you
been in LA 94 I moved here okay I moved
here in 80 right out of right out of
high school I came
Wow so ever since I've been here and
ever since you've been here they've been
talking about a high-speed rail yes from
San Francisco to LA to Las Vegas right
isn't he I must gonna do that now though
the Hyperloop this is my point
companies like Lockheed Rockwell
Northrop these air space companies have
come up with you know stealth aircraft
hypersonic you can't tell me that if you
went to Lockheed and said listen here's
10 billion dollars we need a train
that'll go 200 miles an hour from San
Francisco to LA - faith that they
couldn't do it they absolutely you know
what I mean they have the scientists and
the technology like we spend so much
money on the wrong shit like I get we
need defense in this and epically yeah
let's cut
20 billion to the side to figure out how
to move people around more efficiently
because that's what these companies do
these are engineering and design
companies they come up with shit like
this they you know so so I've always
said why not just do that why not why
not take some of this brainpower and
it's engineering and development and use
science for the masses so now if you had
because if you had that think about if
you could just go to the train station
and get to Vegas in two hours or hour
and a half how many people wouldn't
drive if it was that easy you know
fly-in the Vegas is a pain in the ass
right you got to go to the airport and
then you got to go you know you you're
doing all you spend in an hour getting
ready for a 40-minute flight crap but a
train is so much easier if if it existed
yeah if it exists why is it easier than
a plan because you just get on and you
go and you can do things on the train
you ever you ever like back east from
going from DC to New York I found it's
easier to do it on a train it's the same
amount of time it's going to the airport
keep flying getting to your coz cutters
do they travel to and from security
right at time you just sit in the train
there's a train without Wi-Fi you got
every you know it's easy and you go from
downtown to downtown that's the other
thing about trains they don't go to
airports which are way out there
downtown to downtown where do you travel
do I train from life say from downtown
DC to Penn Station your old timey person
no I've no there's an express train I
found no you know I found this I found
this out from people who do it yeah
that's right three three and a half
hours that's not bad yeah yeah view
definitely it's better than driving
mm-hmm yeah it probably goes just as
fast as a car probably not any faster
than a car no no fast but if we had a
high-speed train that could travel that
you know 200 miles an hour whatever 180
whatever those bullet trains travel I
was just in Italy we took the train over
the countryside it was beautiful it was
fun mm-hmm not not bad you know you're
just sitting down relaxing they come by
you know get a Diet Coke it's a
different yeah it's a different format
again not the most efficient but
comfortable why did they disturb me so
much though in the crash when those
motherfuckers derail there that's about
mics yeah well cuz that's a lot of a lot
of energy and there's no seat belts no
so everybody just goes flying yeah you
just don't you put fucking seatbelts on
trains who's gonna wear them I would
wear something I guess is that funny
there's not really an abrupt stop that's
the problem is when someone fucks up
yeah there's a very abrupt stop right
well that's true you know that's true
your car yeah but you were a seat belt
in your car yeah hopefully there's still
people who don't which is blows my mind
well how about you you're on a
motorcycle yeah no they talk about how
crazy we are I've got an explosive fluid
between my legs above a hot engine and
my only airbag of my knees
it's insane Joe but going in between
cars to but it's easy to park yes but
well you know when I Drive like
yesterday I was driving around what kind
of car you got some stuff right now I
got a truck I got a raptor whoo yeah
big-ass fucking killer and rosewall's
yeah it's fun I'm almost over it really
yeah about a year and it's like okay I'm
almost done with this truck thing it's
fun to have this big-ass truck like this
girl was in the truck with me and his
car was pulling on and I was like oh he
ain't gonna hit me and if he does I'm
not even gonna stop I'm gonna win like
he's gonna hit my tire and I'm gonna run
over his hood but uh yeah but you know
that's just me I get bored with stuff
right so I Drive something for a year
year and a half and I'm like alright I'm
over it let's try something else
so at Lisa's no no because Lisa's are
hard to get out of oh that's true
oh so you just know how you are I've
learned I've I have wasted enough money
over the years I bought my way out of
shit you know who my brother used to
love it cuz I would least something this
is what I found out so if you leave
something for three years and you want
to get rid of it - they're like yeah
fine but you still gotta pay us for the
third year
so I would call my brother like hey man
you want to drive this thing I got to
pay for it anyway and he's like ship it
back you know he would pay to ship it I
like like I can't pay the ship but yeah
and you would just keep paying the bill
and pay it anyway you have to get it
back to the you could return it there
you could return it to any dealership so
if you lease like I had a what was it
the Infinity f45 and something and me
yet so he just returned it to an
infinity place there and so you realized
after a few of these fuck-ups this is
yeah just just buy it and then sell it
you know and I hope like month what I
found is I'm not the only one with this
disease like there's a bunch of us out
there
so I try to buy it from the guy who's
just like me like I bought my Raptor it
was like five months old it had like
three thousand miles
so like because that guy had the
sickness you know what I mean so he was
like man I got to get rid of this Raptor
I was like yeah okay I got it
yeah if you're a single guy and you
don't and you have a good job like you
and you don't have real financial
obligations yeah yeah it's a sickness so
you you just want to try something
different thing so it's like I don't
know I don't know you know I was I've
been looking around and a buddy of mine
just went for the new Corvette he just
put his money down on that and I was
talking and then then I started looking
us like wow this might be like I always
had a problem with Corvettes because
I've driven them they're good they're a
little small inside and also there's the
baggage of having a Corvette right yeah
right oh look a middle-aged single guy
in a Corvette yeah but this new one I
don't think it carries that and I think
it carries it for our I don't think it
carries the creeper factor you know the
creep factor fire it'll fire up
eventually I feel like it's it's
definitely the next step in terms of
like design and evolution it just looks
better and all the classic badass car
yeah I think it I think they got a big
hit you know it has a GPS that
recognizes where you are and raises the
news
yes you don't hit bumps and shit speed
bumps since that it knows we're like low
dry ways are yeah it's crazy yeah who
had that like Rolls Royce had that
waiter like there's a camera that sees
bumps and adjust the suspension oh the
bumps yeah coming up in frontier that's
in milliseconds yeah yeah the new
Corvette is the fastest ever zero to
sixty two which is amazing because it's
200 plus horsepower less than the zo six
or the Z zr1 rather and it's still way
faster which is crazy yeah what a design
is yeah I mean you know it's gonna be a
phenomenal phenomenal car so I don't
want to be an early adopter though I
don't know if I'd be that I don't think
whoo goddamn that looks good in black
yeah Wow look at that fucking thing
that's gonna be you know and they're
gonna be all they're gonna be all over a
Langley shit that thing was gonna be a
badass car that is as good-looking as an
American car has ever been yeah
literally and you know something that's
like like the Ford GT cos what like a
half million dollars and that 60 grand
this is 60 with the dealer markup
they'll get seventy four and I bet it's
just as fast yeah I bet it's pretty
close and it still has a trunk yeah
there's a trunk in the front and the
back right that is nasty
yes so that might be next why not there
might be next
fuck look at that goddamn thing that is
awesome
fucking bad a hell of a good-looking car
that's gonna be a badass monster car and
the top comes off whoo that's a beast
man and that's the entry model and wait
till they start pumping when is that
gonna happen I think in 2021 or Twitter
oh it's I can't wait yeah I was gonna
ask he's gonna get one now that I'm
looking at this that's that's why I was
yeah it's probably hard to get him yeah
there's a waiting list and it you know
the dealers are gonna get a markup yeah
for sure that thing's nasty 20-inch
clear fast one not this one here's last
year's one it's fucking amazing
so they're great cars yeah great cars
well you know who's gonna get one like
Leno is gonna get it so does he
get the first one or like which yeah
yeah he put him in his garage yeah fuck
yeah it's I should say garages yeah it's
kind of the conference warehouses yeah
it's it's it's but you know what it's
what any any car nut would do would
unlimited cash yes yes right if you had
unlimited funds in Europe you're a
gearhead
and he's truly a gearhead like he knows
his stuff like he doesn't just buy it
like he actually knows all about it
he has fabrication machinery in his
studio he's had it build fenders he's
had it for so long that's the thing it's
not like 3d printing isn't new to him no
I remember he has this jet-powered car
and the wheels he was telling me about
the wheels and he said that he showed me
they the brake dust won't stick to him
like you know how did you get that black
duster and he and he said yeah Alcoa
sent me the hunk of a loom like what
they sent him the metal and he made the
wheels like are you kidding me
like that's that's the extent of
machining you have that you could just
make the wheels where as ridiculous
brilliant he's making wheels that is so
preposterous
yeah his place is a trip man I mean you
could wander around it for hours and he
loves explaining everything too huh my
favorite was you know he ill he'll let
you take in a group right now he's
really cool about this it's like you
donate money to a charity and then he's
like okay you can bring in as many
people so it's almost like it's not
selling tickets it's helping charity you
know he does it cool now yeah it was
really cool so he had this guy it was
and the guy passed away I can't remember
his name on say it was Jimmy something
but but this was a guy who would give
tours so he's walking around he's like
this is this this what is it when did we
get this one he's probably always
picking shit up right yeah it was a
guy's like wait where did this come from
what is Jay Leno dies the only thing I
can think is they make it a museum yes
that's the only thing it's all paid off
that's a good move
charged tickets I would think I'd pay I
would think he probably has something
set up to maintain it I hope so because
how are you gonna sell those things what
do you get you know what I mean like
what the fuck's gonna buy that steam car
right one of the steam cars like it's
like a few steam cars well he has ones
with metal wheels that he actually had
rubber installed on the outside of the
metal so he could drive around town yeah
and then he has those giant cars that
are like 25 feet long but they only see
two people that look like two v12
engines and a front units yeah but it's
fantastic though you know and and you
know that I love that that and there's a
few people like that but I don't know if
anyone who does it on the scale no no he
does I mean Jay Jerry Seinfeld this he's
got his horse Porsche he's all Porsche
and which is weird Corolla adam has Paul
Newman's old race cars you've been in
his spot yes yeah he's got Paul Newman's
old Nissan and dot's and race cars and
he racism in vintage races
oh yeah I've seen that I've seen videos
of it yeah yeah so that that's pretty
cool yeah that is pretty cool you have
what years here gt3 it's a 2007 okay
that is maybe the greatest car like the
gt3 in the argument for the greatest car
mate it's a very exciting car to drive
it's a thrilling fun car to drive it's
super lightweight and mine's a shark
works car so it's got 518 horsepower
there's a place called speed Vegas it's
a track outside of Vegas you go there
and you pay you can drive whatever you
know they have like Ferraris and
landlords and stuff so I've been there a
few times and the last time I went they
had the new gt3 with the rear wheel
steer oh yeah and I was like what if
this is God's own sports car it's like
the handling you think it and it does it
and now in the whole time you're driving
it the cars laughing at you like I'm so
much better than you are
doesn't have all that electronic nanny
shit new ones have but the new ones are
quite a bit faster and the new one is
the the gt3 Touring is the shit because
it doesn't have all the crazy fins it's
cuz you most of time you're not driving
an on track right it is driving it
around town so you get all the feel of a
real gt3 but you don't have it's more
stealth right it looks almost like a
regular 911
yeah they look man they have barely
deviated from their style since like the
nineteen fucking sea I am such a fan of
the 911 it's it's my favorite car I've
had a few 911s of all the cars I've had
needing the one I regret was the 88
turbo I regret getting rid of that I'll
always regret having gotten rid of that
that car was it was a beast it was a
hard ass car but but it when it was
going it was like perfect you know yeah
and those cars they're so tail-happy
yeah oh yeah yeah it was it was trying
to kill you all the time if the car was
literally like if you get scared and let
off the gas I'm gonna kill you in that
boost you know what I liked about it was
motorcycle fast yeah it was this crazy
motorcycle kind of like just high rpm
and then the booth would kick in and the
rear end would snap and you just be
flying like you better be pointed in the
right direction you know have you driven
a Tesla yet yes you driven the the fast
one the P 100 no I haven't driven that
one I've driven B I guess it's the
regular p1 I drove one with ludicrous
mode though so I did
maybe that is a period to experience
that so fastest thing I've ever driven
in my life yeah that's a zero to 60 in
like 2.0 or 2.4 yeah and then the
Roadster is gonna come out that's 1.9
yeah you know that that was like when
motorcycles went crazy would horsemen I
mean now they're bikes with over 200
horsepower but when they first came out
with insane like the Hayabusas and stuff
like - had a friend who was a dealer and
he said you know you're gonna be able to
buy two rear half of these because he
said like people just gonna over to
throttle and crash in a shit
it's like like yeah you can get the
clean back half of a hayabusa or in our
water when you sell a kid a hayabusa
what percentage those kids wound up
crippled or dead I'm not a high
percentage honestly not at 100 not maybe
maybe a lot but I don't even know if
it's that high because have you told
jokes and 1 out of 100 people in the
crowds heads exploded yeah well you
haven't been in my show I really think
that you like it
I get so deep in cerebral then I throw
in a dick joke oh no you know the thing
about yeah motorcycling is dangerous but
I don't you more people die on Harley's
and cruisers or sound like Neil deGrasse
Tyson right now no I'm gonna tell you
the reason why is because they're the
ones who they only ride once in a while
mmm and they go to a bar right and they
they hang out in the afternoon drinking
and then they get on their Harley and go
home
they don't wear a helmet mmm and they
crash and they die but that happens more
often than a kid racing around because
you know he's a kid he's got quicker
reflexes and in a real sport my guys are
wearing that the right protective
equipment because it's part of the
culture but but unfortunately it happens
I was just at a motorcycle event last
week I was doing a show and they do
these rides and one of the guys died on
you know during the event it was really
sad but unfortunately that that's part
of it but whenever people hit me with
that I'm like here people die in cars
too like that's the Neil deGrasse Tyson
side of it yes
yeah people die in cars too and this is
this is what I choose to do and I've
managed the risk we've talked about this
right so you know my thing with bikes is
look if you live through your 20s you'll
be fine your 20s is when you're stupid
when involved yeah but but it would be
the same thing imagine if you had a gt3
and you were 22 years old I had see
obviously fast cars when I was in my 20s
I always spent all my money on fast cars
yeah and you know the odds are against
you or NAT - you know cuz cuz you do you
do stupid shit and you also don't know
how to handle
them correctly don't know the
limitations you don't know how to turn
or stop mm well you don't know when to
turn yeah yeah
any yeah like oh that was too late yeah
you know when you feel the tires break
and you're still going straight like
oops
yeah or you don't know the road you're
on like you never been on this road
before and suddenly you suddenly learned
what decreasing radius means yes it's
just amazing how fast bikes are now
they're making electric bikes yeah don't
have any shifting which is very
interesting to me Harley has a new bike
yeah Harley's got an electric bike to
live no I haven't I've ridden an
electric bike but I haven't ridden
Harley's it's supposed to be stupid fast
um they all are it's it's all just
numbers you know it's it's just like
cars right like how many cars now have a
top speed of 150 hundred eighty and most
of whatever but it's just a number
because you're you're not gonna get
there right so it just becomes that even
even a zero to 60 you know yet well with
the Tesla you could do it because you
just step on the gas would step on the
accelerator yeah and do it but most cars
yet it can go that quick but you can't
because you're not that good a driver
right you know so you you and it's the
same thing with bikes so bikes can be
super quick but you're not skilled
enough to do it like we laugh about it
all the time that's it right there yeah
that's the hard whoa look at that thing
peanut crate what is that crazy shit
between your legs up the batteries yeah
Wow
yes batteries cuz I'm small what a
fucking beautiful bike yeah what kind of
range you think these things have the
one I rode had like a 80 mile I have no
idea what the gnarly miles that's it
well it can't carry big batteries like
right I have no idea what the range of
110 mile range yeah interesting
city-dwelling consult consumer travels
and traffic frequently a hundred and ten
mile ranges we realistic okay so so
cutting that down because and make it
seventy yeah cuz you're gonna be opening
it up every change my plows batteries
will recharge from zero to 80% in 40
minutes
that's pretty good that's using a stage
3 supercharger connection that's another
thing with electric cars and electric
bikes they're gonna have to standardize
this charging mm-hmm yeah you know cuz
it's like okay so Tesla uses one charger
then like Audi uses a different one now
Harley's gonna like you get you're gonna
have to come up with some one size fits
all so d1 just plug your car in and
charge it you can't have each company
having their own well you have Universal
ones at the airport and the airport I
plugged my car in at the airport this
past weekend yeah
and that's first time I've ever done it
I was like I found a spot Electric have
just a little adapter you put on there
Universal one okay then it plugs into
the Tesla okay what a charged easy so
charged while I was gone I got there
full charge
that'll work then yeah yeah cuz that's
what I was thinking cuz you know cuz I
heard like Porsches developing a network
of charges which I imagine Porsche and
Audi you're gonna use the same one yeah
right if you have a Tesla supercharger
can you plug a Porsche into it I don't
think so
that's stupid yeah they could they're
gonna have to figure that out yeah
that's weird
were they gonna be like Apple you know
it's a lightning cable you can't use use
USB see I'm an apple guy the Dhamma tell
you where Apple this this is where I
drew the line so I I got the iPad right
and then I got an iPad Mini and then I
wanted to get the pencil do you know
there's a separate pencil for the mini
iPad in a regular but I was like no I
was like no is it really yeah why
exactly I was like are you kidding so
you want me to spend ninety nine bucks
for each one of these pencils and then
figure out which one is which right then
I can't what if I accidentally had to it
was it was ridiculous it's like they do
way worse than that there's a website
that I follow there's a YouTube channel
rather than I follow was a guy who
repairs computers and he was talking
about how Apple goes out of their way to
make things so that they can't be
repaired from developing proprietary
screws that other people don't have a
screwdriver for to literally having
motherboards where you cannot replace a
piece yeah it's not not possible so this
piece goes back
they have to replace the entire
motherboard and he's like that is so
irresponsible yeah and it's like the
only reason why this exists is because
people allow Apple to do it
things like any other company whether
it's IBM or over Lenovo or fucking Dell
when you buy a laptop from them you
there's all these parts you could bring
it into a place they can replace this
replace that and here's the chip and
here's the VAT and it's easy but with
Apple they make it so well made so these
only Apple
yeah like third-party people right they
don't want anyone messing with a fucking
gross man yeah it's gross you know and
then the Lightning see the C cable the
lightning bolt thing versus USB see
lightning bolt is not as good it's not
as read the ban was not as fast doesn't
transfer data or power as quickly that's
another thing the cable thing it's
something like every time you get a new
gadget you got another cable yeah if
they just went with USB see USB USB see
your Android phone every fucking one of
them uses USB so yeah because you the
fact that you have to carry a different
K and then you're like does this fit
that and then you know then yeah it's
painting it the only thing that Apple
has going for it is privacy in terms of
phones they are way better with the
privacy but because of that privacy and
protecting your privacy that's also why
Apple maps suck like Apple maps it's not
nearly as good as Google Maps because
Google Maps has following you to the
bathroom yeah
and they're sending all that shit to
Cupertino or whatever the hell they are
they they they get all the data all of
it everything from ways from this from
that that's also why it works so well
you know but there are text messages and
all the different things is not as
secure as iMessage iMessage is all
scrambled and encrypted could well and
any other thing with Apple is that you
know for someone who's not a techie or
whatever it's the integration the
seamless integration between the Apple
products oh including your if you have I
what is it I TV was an Apple TV yeah if
you have Apple TV you can like type shit
up in your phone your phone syncs to
your TV and your Ramona's a keyboard
that's your remote yeah every
and and you don't have to know how to do
it like it right it says oh I'm talking
to blob like like you put the password
in on your phone then you open up your
your iPad and it gets the password from
the phone and it's already connected to
yeah you know whatever network and stuff
like that so things are getting better
at that though they're getting closer
and closer to filling the gap I mean the
new Samsung phones are as good if not
better than anything Apple's ever put
out yeah the thing is are you in the
Apple ecosystem it's all it is yeah
which would which one is your normal yes
which one is you are you used to it as a
hilarious bit about it here's a
hilarious bit about being both vegan and
Android discriminated against it's
fucking hilarious it's really funny the
other things to that little the little
dots like if someone's like if I send
you a text message replying you start
replying I see the dot dot dot and then
it stops yeah so what's going on what
happened you just you just go stood me
you just told me oh you're gonna reply
but like with a green message if it's an
Android you don't know when that's
coming
part of me likes that better like I
don't necessarily want you to know I
read your message and he used to these
ups when they know you read it yeah cuz
now they know you're intentionally not
answering yes those little dot dot dots
have ratting you out yeah that's what
Ian says oh and I don't need everyone to
know that I read your message man i dude
is so funny he's hilarious and enzyme so
happy he finally has a Comedy Central
special yeah fine yeah you talk about
overdue he's so good yeah who's next
Owen Smith yeah he's a mother man Owen
man Owen we're talking name we were
talking about the business side cuz he
was talking about the whole writers
thing about writers giving up their
agents and this and that and and he was
he's so smart on it but yeah Owens
hilarious one of the best comics on the
planet Earth yeah people don't know
great writer yeah and just scrape a form
or - yeah he's so funny man I've been
working with him a lot late
oh yeah yeah man we did a lot of gigs
together yes they like arrived in the
store he's as good as anybody yeah
absolutely and people don't know if hey
listen the last thing I need is people
publicizing another tall black Colin
Smith who finally she ate that show no
it's it's great but that is funny that
there's a kid named Andre Leclerc out of
New York funny guy he did new faces last
year and my manager signed him and I was
like you know you know it's over when
your manager signs a younger
better-looking version of you like
that's the last thing I needed yes but
he's a funny kid
but then there's not a good benefit to
being good-looking in comedy know is if
you want to do sitcoms but they don't
know exists if you want to do if you
want to get into the movies and do like
a rom-com thing sitcoms like that was
what Montreal was all about yeah not
sure how about you got a development
deal and you did sitcoms yeah
now you well now it's streaming services
and movies on it's still movies are
still like a different animal that's a
different breed I've zero desire but
streaming services and no you know it's
really funny too because people talk
about acting like I get I'm not an actor
and I'm okay with not being an actor I
like hosting stuff like at the end and I
like unscripted TV and stuff like that
but but do you know it wouldn't be like
what you want to show well yeah of
course I'd want to show I mean it's you
know ton of money and this and that but
the actual doing it and creating it like
my mind has never worked like that you
know I mean like like some people they
love playing characters and stuff like
that and all due respect to that but
it's not what I did but people are
almost like well why don't you and it's
like because it's not my thing
Hepburn just have a joke about that yeah
yeah comedy is the only thing where they
ask you to do something else once you do
it right yeah yeah if you're a cook they
never ask you do you farm yeah yeah but
it was always the way that everybody got
famous right man and Seinfeld and Tim
Allen and all the
guys they got sitcoms based off a
stand-up and then they basically became
actors yeah but you look at the numbers
you know there's a hell of a lot of
comics for every one of them that made
it to that you know what I mean like
like overwhelming there's you know and
but for some guys that was like the
thing that drove him crazy is that they
never got that call like Richard Jeni he
was yet you know I remember I saw Jenny
in Montreal and at the Comedy Works
murdering God he was funny what I mean
he was a beast on stage she was a beast
people I mean you can see his specials
and you kind of get it yeah but if you
saw him in real life you'd be like fuck
yeah he's the one of the most forgotten
GM substantive community was a brilliant
stand-up so good I saw him fuck speaking
of which he was talking about a Corvette
salesman trying to sell him on options
on a Corvette and he was talking about
that in in Montreal at the Comedy Works
and I remember sitting in the back of
the room and I remember knowing that he
was bummed out because he couldn't get a
sitcom he had that one platypus man
that's man yeah and he was in the mass
and platypus man like HBO special which
wanted a great one hours you'll ever see
have like if you can find it it wanted a
great one hours of comedy he was a
monster but he was one of those guys
that really wanted a special or excuse
me really wanted a television show
really wanted to show wanted to be
validated you know who I never
understood never got a show I mean he's
had shows but they never sitcom dahm
dahm aurora yeah cuz he's such a natural
character well he was honest had come
with Damon for a while yeah I think for
like half a season mm-hmm and he had the
sports show on Comedy Central I write
that was funny the football show but it
but it just seems like he's such a
natural character just being Dom like
you know nobody gives a fuck less than
da mar era God he knows I wish I was
gay just so I can come out of the closet
that's how little like saying I wish I
was gay they're gonna tell you I'm gay
you know fucking hilarious I loved
watching him I loved watching George
Wallace always those guys are just
masters of the art yes yes yep just go
on stage and just kill it effortlessly
cuz it seems like George Wallace is back
in Vegas yeah he went backlash should I
do the road for a bit and he's like I
know he I think it was one of those I
think they made an offer made him an
offer he couldn't refuse I think it was
one of those deals he's got that great
following in vein yeah I mean he always
was things that people would go and they
were on vacation in Vegas they would go
to see George absolutely it was like
Rita Rudner had that carrot top at that
there's not a whole lot of residents in
Vegas these days not anymore not like
not on that level where you're aware of
it like carrot top always be there but
it's a tricky one because if you commit
to that you give up all that the road
momentum well you got to be able to
market it I mean that's where George was
brilliant George figured out just what
you said for people to go home and tell
their friends say when you go to Vegas
you got to see George right right like
he figured that out and I don't think
those translates on the road no no you
got a uh I mean again you have to figure
out how to build that and yet it takes
time to build it doesn't build right
away right so you got to be working with
a place or working with a producer or
somebody who's like yeah we're gonna
spend a year building you as a
destination show and you have to be well
11 Vegas yeah without that it's like
you're you're you're almost you just in
some weird purgatory if you can handle
it it's okay but it but if you got a
vice if you have any vice Vegas is gonna
find it and destroy you with it yeah I
just worked with mal mal had this great
joke with her Vegas he said Vegas the
only city you can watch someone become
homeless at the table you just watch
them yeah like you your whole life is
falling apart right now yeah I know but
this next role they will let you
mortgage your fucking house absolutely
yeah
what do you want to do it on the roll
the dice or hand of cards what do you
want to do Vegas is the only gig where
they will pay you in advance yes pay you
the first night yeah here's some money
yeah yeah you go tomorrow Thanks we
don't know if you win too much they
stopped you from coming back mmm
like Dana White from the UFC yeah he
gets banned because he's really good at
blackjack mm-hmm so he'll win like a
million dollars in a night and they
banned him from casino because they know
who he is but their ban him cuz he's
winning yeah like what is this fucking
what you only play if you win you piece
of shit it's there again but that's your
house but that's a ridiculous rule I
know they should dish it have to go
under they should they all you know it's
it's like their rules and they they're
all in it together but that seems like
rejecting service you know I mean it
just seems like they shouldn't be able
to do that and then what's a sign you oh
I see we reserve the right to refuse
service to anyone
Yeah right so where do you work when you
do Vegas I do
Brad Garrett's at the MGM that's a nice
pot Club that room and I just did
Kimmel's new club I heard that's great
beautiful is that the Rio no it's at the
link it's that where that big ferris
wheel is they open like that Midway
strip it's on there so someone have
someon something the Rio 2 is not a new
one yeah the seller
oh that's yet a sellers at the real
that's great I heard that's great too
yeah Vegas has like they have the Laugh
Factory now it's it's comedies made it
like part of wide when George left he
said wanted things was like for a long
time there weren't that many comedy
shows he said then suddenly every place
had a comedy show so that cuts into
ticket sale that makes sense the Mirage
is the shit that's my favorites yeah I
fucking love that room I just do bigger
rooms and I even if I would sell out the
bigger room I'd be like fuck yeah it's
so good so now I just do the Mirage I'm
there all the time from where I'm
standing it's quality situation just
it's the best man it's like you and I
was watching one time Joey Diaz was on
stage and I was in the back of the room
and in the back of the room with the
Mirage it was cool crystal-clear sound
that that works for comedy rooms it's
right you got to be able to
hyrum and see him yeah you know somebody
I forget who it was but this it was a
musician he said the best room is when
you can see everyone's eyes hmm
because he had done like big rock
concerts and all that and he was like
yeah if you can see everyone's eyes you
got a good room that's the ice house I
saw or like you said comedy works places
like that where you can you can actually
connect with everybody in there the ice
house is tough to fuck with that might
be the best the I saw her created room
we used to say if you bomb you should be
allowed to go to the ice house the next
day just to get your confidence back
right just like oh man I don't know if
act you could do it make OD ice house
you could do it and you walk out like
yeah I can do you know there's agents
that won't accept yes from the ice house
because it's just to easier you know
it's because it's you do great yeah
definitely comedy magic is yeah comedy
magic is light and you know Mike and
Richard they're so nice to you too nice
it's just like confusing you slip
because now because now you've ruined
people for anywhere else in the food Oh
food they'll serve you a steak that you
could get in a fucking steak house I
when I had broken my wrist right and now
I was living in Studio City and this is
in Hermosa Beach so to your listeners
that's 30 miles apart in LA traffic hour
and a half hour at least right Mike was
like you know if you if you want we can
send a server to bring food to your
house like if you can't like Mike I live
in seas like yeah I know and he would
have done it you know it's like are you
kidding me like when I got rice in the
Comi store in 2007 he reached out to my
agent and said we would love if Joe
could work at the comedy magic club we
support him we would never hire joke
thieves and you know when we know that
this is going down with him we would
love for him to come here like he's that
nice of a guy yeah he's he's uh he's a
super nice guy and and Richard the
manager Richard still goes places to see
comics to see if they you know good for
the club yeah that's like no but
does that anymore like you you you got
video the trickles down from the top you
know that love and respect of the
comedians and there's to be treating
performers well yeah and that's why all
the old pros still work there you know
that's why you know Ray Romano it like
they still go there Leno's still there
every Sunday cuz it's like yeah he still
goes every Sunday every Sunday that is
crazy cuz I know he kind of stopped for
a while when he was not doing the
Tonight Show yeah he took a break but
yeah he's still pretty regular
thereafter see I was not seeing him on
stage do stand-up ever I have I've only
seen him on television as a matter of
fact we did a benefit together last year
and it was fun watching him work like as
the comic you know cuz he was doing he
was doing bits and all but he'll still
tell a joke but like he's a really good
joke teller so he'll tell just a regular
joke but it's hilarious because it's so
good and then in in Montreal just did a
gala and Howie Mandel hosted and it was
so much fun watching how he'd be a comic
again like how he was doing
he was cracking on the crowd like during
the commercials like what it you know
during the breaks he was just being
asked like man it's you could see that
he was having fun being a comic not
being a TV guy not being a GT guy just
yeah I'm just being a stand-up comic and
that a GT gig is a great gig I'm sure he
gets paid a lot of money but if you go
back and listen to how a man down the
80s and the 90s when he was just doing
stand-up he was fuckin brilliant yeah he
was brilliant a lot of those guys you
know and and women with those comics
people don't realize how great a comic
they had to be to get that job right
like he just does this I can't you
Arsenio is like that like I've seen
people who see Arsenio do stand-up and
it's like well yeah there was a reason
he got the show yeah they didn't just
say hey man that's a funny name like
Arsenio is a beast when he does stand-up
Jay Leno was one of the weirdest cases
right because he doesn't have a body of
work well because he never recorded it
he said he would never record it because
then you sell it then you can't do it
anymore
yeah and they said so he would
but yet he wrote jokes every week for
the scenario like right hey Jay put your
shit out there buddy I mean people don't
know but then you know what did he lose
you know I mean it's like he certainly
didn't need the money around AJ's ever
like man I should have sold merch you
know people have knowing how good he is
I would think yeah people I guess he's
comfortable where he's at you know and
and people do well and also you know if
you do go see him live that is great
that you get to see him and you get to
enjoy it nobody wears a jean shirt
unless they're comfortable you gotta be
you have to be wear it every day there's
no goddamn you got a uniform yeah listen
Alonzo I gotta wrap this up all right
you got a Amazon special it's out what
what's the day it's out August 23rd so
heavy lightweight today's the 6th let me
know will tweet it will let everybody
know absolutely and heavy lightweight
you're on Amazon Prime Amazon Prime
streaming on your phone you can get on
everything you know you know something
you go to Whole Foods and just watch it
no I'm kidding but what the hell yeah he
owns it no brother appreciated thank you
Joe if you're not the new podcast that's
out there - may I love you honest I love
you - this is so great thank you and
again thanks for the love you give me
even one on the time man you know I love
you and we're working tonight yes yeah
important improv
[Music]